Check geometry: Features inside polygons ---> Add explanation for added fields (#10193)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/checkgeometry.rst

   * - **Errors from contained features**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and information.
       Other than the input attributes, the output layer also contains the following fields:
       
       - ``gc_layerid``: the ID of the input layer.
       - ``gc_layername``: the name of the input layer.
       - ``gc_partidx``
       - ``gc_ringidx``
       - ``gc_vertidx``
       - ``gc_errorx``: the x coordinate of the centroid of the contained feature.
       - ``gc_errory``: the y coordinate of the centroid of the contained feature.

>        - ``gc_error``: the index of the polygon that contains the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - ``gc_error``: the layer name and feature ID of a polygon that contains the feature.
```
Seems to pick only one feature, probably the containing one with the highest feature ID in the first fetched polygon (`layer: 2`). Weird. I'd have expected a map of input layers and associated features ID e.g., `layer1: 2; layer2: 1,2` if the feature is contained in 3 features, allowing further manipulation of the containing features.
